1. The OM system must be able to electronically record and store data which 
can be uploaded to the system from remote devices
ambiguities=system.data,device

2. Items shall be stored on the machine and have complete fields.
ambiguities =machine,fields.

3. The OM’s system must provide the ability to accept digital signatures
ambiguities =digital,system 

4. Systems supporting OM must provide the ability to control the configuration of and revisions to investigation specific questionnaires
ambiguities=configuration,Systems 

5. New users should be able to register to the system.
ambiguities=user,system

6. The software is designed for the smart phone web, and standalone desktop PC. 
ambiguities =software,smart phone

7. The applicatin has a simple GUI and easy to use 
ambiguities applicatin,GUI 

8. Credentials of the user are encrypted through algorithm and application is accessible only to authenticated users
ambiguities=algorithm,user,encrypted,authenticated

9.The system generates reports on the following information.
ambiguities=system,information. 

10. It is assumed that one hundred IBM compatible computers will be available before the system is installed and tested
ambiguities=computers, system 

11.The system shall use the MySQL Database, which is open source and free.
ambiguities=system,mysql,database,source

12.The Development environment shall be Windows 2000
ambiguities=enverment,windows

14.The system shall be a Web-based application
ambiguities=system,web,application

15.Any modification (insert, delete, update) for the Database shall be synchronized and done only
by the administrator.
ambiguities=synchronized, Database

16.Administrators shall be able to view and modify all information.
ambiguities=administrators,view,modify,information

17.The systems must conform to the Microsoft Accessibility guidelines
ambiguities=systems,Microsoft.

18. The system shall provide the capability to back-up the Data
ambiguities=system.

19. The system shall keep a log of all the errors.
ambiguities=system,errors.

20.Communication function require the internet protocol
version 6 and it will follow HTTPS.
ambiguities=function,internet,protocol,version.
